- [Narrator] So in the last chapter, we actually saw
what all default mapping is available which is in binding,
so we saw how you can do, as a part of serialization
and de-serialization, without any additional setting.
Everything that we were using by far
was the JSON-B default engine.
We just created an instance of that
using the JSON-B builder,
and then we utilized the to JSON and from JSON APIs
to serialize and de-serialize our objects.
But JSON-Binding API also provides you a list
of fantastic options to customize that mapping,
so you may not like the default mapping.
You may not like certain settings of the default mapping,
yes, then you have a way around it,
and JSON-B is open enough to provide you a list
of custom options, so that you can actually serialize
and de-serialize the way you want.
So to support this, there are two types
of customizations that JSON-Binding API provides.
The first one is at the compile time,
and that's facilitated by means of annotations,
so you have a field or you have a class,
or you have a method, so on each one of these,
you have certain set of annotations that you can apply,
and that will be taken into consideration
at compile time itself.
However, there's another option, which is runtime,
and that is by means of an API called JsonbConfig,
so this is a configuration object
which is going to hold all the configuration settings
for your customized mapping.
You apply this configuration object
whenever you create the JSON-B engine instance,
and when you do that, at serialization, at de-serialization,
wherever applicable, those customizations will apply,
and please remember that when you actually try
to apply customization using JsonbConfig API,
it kind of is a global customization,
which means it will try to run on all the other beans
that you have in the project in case you do serialization
with the JSON-B instance, and this config object,
so we'll look at all of this in the subsequent demos.
Right now, we just have to remember
that there are two levels of customization,
one at the compile, and the other, at the runtime,
each one of them facilitated in its own way,
compile time by annotations,
runtime by the JsonbConfig object.